Update `Molecule.from_qcschema`, notebook (#1763)
openforcefield/openff-toolkit: docs/releasehistory.md

### API-breaking changes
- [PR #1760](https://github.com/openforcefield/openff-toolkit/pull/1760): Removes the private, unused `ParameterHandler._OPENMMTYPE` attribute.

> - [PR #1763](https://github.com/openforcefield/openff-toolkit/pull/1763): Updates the OpenFF Toolkit to be compatible with QCFractal >= 0.50. Removes the `client` kwarg from `Molecule.from_qcschema`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [PR #1763](https://github.com/openforcefield/openff-toolkit/pull/1763): Updates the OpenFF Toolkit to be compatible with QCFractal >= 0.50. Removes the `client` named argument from `Molecule.from_qcschema`. 
```
